## Seed code - Boilerplate for Palindrome Exercise

### Problem Statement

In this exercise, you need to accept a number and check if the number is palindrome or not. For palindrome number, add all its even digits and check if the sum of all even digits are more than 25 or not. For non palindrome number, return that the number is not palindrome.

Palindrome number is a number which reads same from left to right and from right to left i.e. number 1234321 is a palindrom number because it appears same from left to right and right to left reading. Number 12345321 is not a palindrome number.

For a palindrome number - 2468642. Add its even digits and check if they are more than 25 or not. If the sum of all even digits are more than 25 and return "2468642 is palindrome and the sum of all even digits is greater than 25".

For a palindrome number - 24642. Add its even digits and check if they are more than 25 or not. If the sum of all even digits are less than 25 and return "24642 is palindrome and the sum of all even digits is less than 25".

For a non palindrome number - 1242. Return "1242 is not palindrome".

### STEP 0 - Checking a number is palindrome or not

Please note that end user interacting with this utility can give any number and would expect the system to respond whether the number is palindrome or not.

Input: 2468642
Output: 2468642 is palindrome

Input: 1242
Output: 1242 is not palindrome

Input: 010
Output: 10 is not palindrome


### STEP 1 - Checking a number is palindrome or not

Please note that end user interacting with this utility can give any number and would expect the system to respond whether the number is palindrome or not.

Input: 2468642
Output: 2468642 is palindrome

Input: 1242
Output: 1242 is not palindrome

Input: 010
Output: 10 is not palindrome

-----------


### Expected solution

Displaying **Palindrome of words** in the given string

### Project structure

The folders and files you see in this repositories, is how it is expected to be in projects, which are submitted for automated evaluation by Hobbes

	Project
	|
	| 
	com.stackroute	        // all your java file will be stored in this package
	| Palindrome.java	     // This is the main file, all your logic is written in this file only
	| CheckPalindrome.java // This is Java application which pass number in for palindrome checking.
	com.stackroute.test    // all your test cases will be stored in this package
	| PalindromeTest.java // all your test cases are written using JUnit, these test cases can be run by selecting Run As -> JUnit Test 
	|
	.classpath           // This file is generated automatically while creating the project in eclipse
	|
	.hobbes             // Hobbes specific config options, such as type of evaluation schema, type of tech stack etc., Have saved a default values for convenience
	|
	.project           // This is automatically generated by eclipse, if this file is removed your eclipse will not recognize this as your eclipse project. 
	|
	pom.xml           // This is a default file generated by maven, if this file is removed your project will not get recognised in hobbes.
	|
	readme.md       // This files describes the problem of the exercise, you can provide as much as information and clarification you want about the project in this file

> PS: All lint rule files are by default copied during the evaluation process, however if need to be customizing, you should copy from this repo and modify in your project repo


#### To use this as a boilerplate for your new project, you can follow these steps

1. Clone the base boilerplate in the folder **exercise-1** of your local machine
     
    `git clone https://gitlab.stackroute.in/stack_java_datamunging/datamungee-step0-boilerplate.git assignment-solution-step0`

2. Navigate to exercise-1 folder

    `cd assignment-solution-step0`

now you can write your code and then

3. Use the following command to update the index using the current content found in the working tree, to prepare the content staged for the next commit.

     `git add .`
 
4. Commit and Push the project to git

     `git commit -a -m "Initial commit | or place your comments according to your need"`

     `git push -u origin master`

5. Check on the git repo online, if the files have been pushed

### Important instructions for Participants
> - We expect you to write the assignment on your own by following through the guidelines, learning plan, and the practice exercises
> - The code must not be plagirized, the mentors will randomly pick the submissions and may ask you to explain the solution
> - The code must be properly indented, code structure maintained as per the boilerplate and properly commented
> - Follow through the problem statement shared with you

## MENTORS TO BEGIN REVIEW YOUR WORK ONLY AFTER ->

- You add the respective Mentor as a Reporter/Master into your Assignment Repository
- You have checked your Assignment on the Automated Evaluation Tool - Hobbes (Check for necessary steps in your Boilerplate - README.md file. ) and got the required score - Check with your mentor about the Score you must achieve before it is accepted for Manual Submission. 
- Intimate your Mentor on Slack and/or Send an Email to learner.support@stackroute.in - with your Git URL 
- Once you done working and is ready for final submission.


### Further Instructions on Release

*** Release 0.1.0 ***

- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> Java Application to run your Assignment.
- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> JUnit Test to run your Assignment.